## Reflection
When thinking about growth in this class, especially as a historian, I believe that the most relevant and useful new skill I have learned is in my use of search engines. This is mainly because I use search engines on a daily basis, and thus have the most experience with them. Mainly, I have begun to actually use my search terms to refine my results, but also to expand them by choosing relevant other terms. This is a change in that previously I would have simply searched a topic, chosen the first few results, and eventually be frustrated at a lack of relevant results. Now, I would likely take the time to do multiple searches, because I now know that even if it seems like I have found the only relevant results, there will inevitably be more when using a different term. 

Another thing I have learned is the importance of being able to non-verbally communicate information, whether through a graphic, or even just style. While a written work is important, being able to non-verbally communicate information is an incredibly useful skill, both when presenting information to a reader and when trying to see trends in the data I am using.

I have also learned that it is possible to transfer my computer skills into studying history, and I have also learned new skills at the same time. While I had used Command Line and my own computer's terminal many times, I had never thought that I could merge it with my study. At the same time, I also knew of possible computer skills and techniques (like scraping), which I had always wanted to learn, but found to be out of my reach. Now I know that I am able to use these skills myself in relation to history and that I am capable of learning how to do things that I once believed to be too complicated for myself.  I learned that it is VERY important for me to actually use the resources I am given because they will teach me invaluable skills that I should not pass up on. 

I believe that both my biggest strength and weakness in this class have to do with myself, and my own time management. I also learned that when I take my time, look through instructions multiple times before trying them, and at least attempt to make them make sense to my brain, I am able to quickly and easily do things because I have made them work for myself. My weakness comes out when I do not take the time to do these things and expect them to go smoothly on the first try. I came into this issue in the second week, when I tried to do the exercise as I was reading it for the first time. With this knowledge, I now know that I need to take my time to complete things, even if I feel impatient, because when I don't I come into trouble.
